c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe.config
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.Resources.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.Form1.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadPessoas.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConPessoas.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConProfessor.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadCidade.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadProfessor.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConCidade.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.cadClassificacao.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConClassificacao.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadCursos.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadDisciplina.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConDisciplina.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadTurma.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConTurma.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe.config
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.xml
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.pdb
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.pdb
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.xml
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.dll
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.dll
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.pdb
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.xml
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.pdb
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.xml
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.cadClassificacao.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadCursos.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadDisciplina.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadPessoas.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadProfessor.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConClassificacao.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConCursos.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConDisciplina.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConPessoas.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConProfessor.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.Form1.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe.config
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.cadClassificacao.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadCursos.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadDisciplina.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadPessoas.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadProfessor.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConClassificacao.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConCursos.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConDisciplina.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConPessoas.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConProfessor.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.exe
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EscolaVruck.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Business.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\Dominioo.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadAluno.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConAlunosvb.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadAluno.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConAlunosvb.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadMatricula.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConMatricula.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.CadMatricula.resources
C:\Users\gabrielvruck\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.ConMatricula.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.FrmRelatorios.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\FlashControlV71.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\EscolaVruck\EscolaVruck\obj\Debug\EscolaVruck.Inicial.resources
